In the next video, we'll talk greater in depth about
an old-school development tool that Shopify ended support for back in January 2020.
I'm talking about something called Slate.
Since January 2020, it's been clear that Shopify have been moving away from Slate,
and now with the announcement that
the Shopify CLI has been extended to allow for theme development as well,
I see little to no reason why anyone should start a new Shopify project using Slate.
That being said, I've left the next video in as
a tutorial for anyone who has forced to use it.
Some older themes might still be using Slate,
and therefore this knowledge is not completely obsolete.
If you have any choice in the matter however,
I definitely recommend using the latest tool for the job,
and that tool is currently the Shopify CLI.